last is yourself okay all right
lightning round on packages but it won't
be hard okay so packages is the last
little cent tax thing I want to talk
about since it'll be on homework one
after the midterm and in this case I
will turn again to Python I think Python
has a great set of rules for good
behavior
one of these it's called the sin of
Python it's things that are nice like
readability counts and so forth
but there's two that will be really
important here one is explicit is better
than implicit that's part of the reason
why in lecture I tend to write you know
I created those little silly variables
that are just named and another is
namespaces r1 honking great idea let's
do more of those so packages address
both of these two issues let's figure
out what a namespace is okay well the
goal with packages is we really want to
give a canonical name to everything and
in fact this notion this idea of a
canonical representation is a wonderful
mathematical idea that should be burned
into your brains and it's basically just
a unique representation for a thing so
non canonical is a license-plate number
you can reuse a license plate right like
if I sell a car and someone else buys
the sorry if I don't use my license
plate anymore someone else can get the
same number and likewise if I buy a car
I'll probably get a new license plate
however cars have been numbers so this
right here refers to a very specific
motorcycle I think it was mine that was
stolen possibly I don't remember anymore
and so that's a canonical one that sits
with that motorcycle from okay so in
Java we can try to give canonicity by
giving every class what we'll call a
package name okay this is gonna be some
gobbledygook for terms but a package is
a so called namespace that organizes
classes and interfaces and in homework 1
you'll make we'll make our own but let
me give you a little example ok
so packages basically address the fact
that classes might share names you might
have multiple dog classes maybe five
different people have written a dog
class and so what I can do is say that
not is it it's not just dog it's going
to be a class called ugh Josh eh animal
dog okay
now that would be a really unwieldy name
so I don't make class names super long
to make sure nobody else has them so
what we'll do is we'll at the top of our
files put package ugh Josh eh animal
actually who here had package put into
your files by IntelliJ at some point
anybody to the autograder break maybe
probably so that's why it was they
changed the whole namespace situation
okay so as we'll see after the midterm
we will want to do this we'll start
putting packages all of our files
because that means now that if you do
like package so I picked the name Oh
Josh H and the reason is that usually
our package names will start with the
website address so if my web dress and
my website was Josh hqg I would put
anything that I write in the ugh Josh H
dot whatever package okay and so what's
nice about this is that when I want to
actually make a dog I can be very
specific about which dog I want I don't
want just the built in dog I don't want
Frank dog I want oh gosh H animal dog
now as we saw and like the hyperspeed
round of the j-unit lecture typing out
in that entire name could be annoying so
how do we fix that in java import so
when i do import it basically says the
java from now on anytime you see dog
don't what you what you're thinking
about is uh josh h animal dog it's also
possible to do wild card imports which
basically says i don't want to just get
the dog class I want literally
everything in a certain package so in
that case I would do something like this
import Josh H - animal dot star so
there's a star syntax that I feel like
there's a word missing here and that
will make sure that I get everything in
that package so that can be bad anybody
want to wager a guess as to why it
contaminates your namespace you get all
this stuff you don't know exactly what
you've got your being implicit rather
than an explicit and if you import from
multiple packages you can have conflicts
maybe there's three packages you're
getting everything from and to happen to
have dog then you'll have a conflict now
what's different about this from Python
what do in ports do in Python they let
you use stuff what like from other files
that it's not necessary in Java okay so
I just want to make it clear that
imports in Java or not please go look
somewhere else on my computer for
libraries you guys already know that you
have to do this whole IntelliJ thing
instead it says from now on language
please treat dogs semantically as the
one from this package okay so I just
wanted to say a little bit about
packages so it's in our brains we'll
come back to that after the midterm call
it a day
and I will see a Monday